Simplify steps to connect to local backend. (#3189)
dart-lang/dart-pad: pkgs/dartpad_ui/README.md

   Pass parameter `channel=localhost` to the UI.

>    This is command to start and open UI connected to local backend:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This command will start and open the UI connected to local backend:
```
